My first visualization is meant to be an overview of the data. In homework 2, I dedicated by overview to the labels on the cosmetics. However, while it is important for distinguishing between certain products, I decided for my overview to be on price. This visualization is a histogram with price on the axis, which helps the observation of how expensive or cheap cosmetics are. For interactibility, I decided to add visualization change to this histogram by allowing the user to adjust how many bars the histogram will have. This allows the user to dive deep into learning about the prices of cosmetics and learn about them while having full control over how the histogram looks. See index.html for more information.

My second visualization is a scatterplot with the rank of cosmetic on the x-axis and the price of the cosmetic on the y-axis. The scatterplot is also color-filled according to the label. For interactivity, I added a brush element as an interaction technique that highlights points inside the brush area with higher opacity and a black outline on points. See index.html for the specifics.

My third visualization is my advanced visualization, a parallel coordinates plot of normal, rank, and dry. For interactivity, I added highlight/nonhighlight on groups, where the group that the user hovers over will be highlighted and the other groups will be blurred out, which helps the user learn more about a certain group/label of interest. In addition, I decided to add code for zooming into the parallel coordinates plot as well as my second interaction technique implemented for this assignment. This also helps the user dive deep into learning more about the relationship between cosmetics meant for dry skin, normal skin, and their rankings according to their different labels.
